README.md, before:

# Sakai

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 13.0.4.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

New simplified project structure added. client folder will contain the front end app while the server folder will contain the express server

README.md, after:

# NC A&T Hackathon 2024
Welcome students of the 2024 NC A&T Hackathon. This repository has been setup as an optional kickstarter for you to leverage if you wish. This repository is considered optional, however, it does include popular frameworks such as AngularJS, PrimeNG and Express. Using this starter template ideally would get you well underway with the Hackathon so you can focus on learning and implementing Views, Services and other foundational elements for a frontend web application.

# Sakai

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 13.0.4.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
